Images
1) Download best version of image.
2) Add image to Zotero in both local and remote folders.
3) Copy raw JPEG image to relevant relevant folder; keep original file name.
3) Convert JPEG image to TIFF and copy to relevant archival folder; keep original file name.
4) Crop TIFF image and copy to relevant archival folder; rename. Note: Crop only needed for extraneous matter. Do not crop for ratio.
5) Merge cropped TIFF images (if needed), but also keep cropped originals.
6) Generate syllabi/assessment images and syallbi/assessment tiles derivative images using prefab ImageMagick code. 
7) Check for sizes and remove any derivaties that don't meet specs.
8) Commit images to GitHub.

Syllabus/Assessment Page
1) Make a copy of syllabus/assessment template webpage for each new syllabus/assessment.
2) Rename syllabus/assessment template with two- to three-word version of syllabus/assessment title.
3) Open newly named file in editor.
4) Replace generic image name (000X) with name of actual image for page. Remove code for all images that don't meet specs.
5) Find all instances of commented out "Change" and fill fields with info provided by syllabus cluster developer/assessment guide.
6) For "alt" for image, copy relevant field from Zotero. For files with two images, preface each alt text with either "Left:" or "Right:"
7) Use Zotero, MLA to generate image bibliographical info for image "title." Also be sure to copy over rights info separately. For files with two images, preface each title text with either "(Left)" or "(Right)".
8) h2 class (for image title) options are "bottom" or "top"; "center" is default, so if center, remove class. Custom placement using inliness CSS can also be done.
9) File names for syllabus/assessment download will be the same as file name for webpage, but preceded by author surname.
10) For "Header Image Caption" use same text as for main image "title" (see #7, above).
11) Use Zotero, MLA to generate works cited. Also copy works cited to main UVC bibliography page and add creators to the project contributors page, both in the in About section.
12) Proof syllabus/assessment essay according to house style guide.
13) Update syllabi.html or asssessments.html pages for new syllabi/assessment tiles.
14) Add new syllabi/assessments to Site Map.

Syllabus/Assessment
1) Cut and paste UVC peer review stamp from an existing site peer-reviewed syllabus or assessment.
2) Format text as needed.
3) Add alt text to all images.
4) Open File > Properties, then in "Summary" field at title, author, and company (UVC = company).
5) Go to "Review" ribbon and run accessibility check; fix all issues using guidance provided.
6) Convert Word file to PDF. 
7) Open PDF and run "Accessiblity Check"; fix all issues.