Images
1) Open syllabus checklist, find URL for page image, download best version of image available from site.
2) Add image to Zotero, first in own library, then in UVC group library.
3) Copy raw JPEG image to local and Google Drive UVC folders; keep original file name.
4) Convert JPEG image to TIFF using ImageMagick and copy to local and Google Drive UVC folders; keep original file name.
5) Crop TIFF image, rename, and copy to local and Google Drive UVC folders. Note: Crop only needed for extraneous matter (e.g., borders beyond image, etc.). Do not crop for ratio.
6) If two vertical images, merge cropped TIFF images into single TIFF file, but also keep cropped originals.
7) Generate syllabi images and syallbi tiles derivative images using prefab ImageMagick code in "image-conversion-code-new2.txt" file in "0_dev" folder in GitHub.
8) Remove any generated images that exceed dimensions of original TIFF.
9) Commit generated images to GitHub.

Syllabus Webpage
1) Open "0_dev" directory in GitHub, then "0_page-dev", then "2_python-files" and find "spreadsheet-syllabus-0.csv", make a copy and rename it as "spreadsheet-syllabus-1.csv".
2) Open syllabus checklist in Word, open "spreadsheet-syllabus-1.csv" in Visual Studio Code and complete all fields using the checklist except: a) syllabus-overview, cluster-description, and biography, all of which will be provided in a separate Word file and need to be converted into HTML first (see next step) or b) works-cited and header-image-caption, which you will generate (see below). Also note that if the image alt text containts commas, you will need to either put it in straight quotation marks or add it manually to the webpage once it's generated. For files with two images, preface each alt text with either "Left:" or "Right:", and preface the image caption text with either "(Left)" or "(Right)" in order to be consistent with existing site practices.
3) Open syllabus Word file which contains the syllabus-overview, cluster-description, and biography. 
4) If the syllabus Word file also includes a works cited section, open Zotero, generate a new version of the works cited section, compare it against the existing section, make any necessary to the new version, then delete the existing version and close the file.
5) Generate an image caption for the main page image and add it to the Word file in a separate section. Also be sure to copy over rights info, as it will not be automatically added by GitHub.
6) Open the "workflow-docx-to-html" file found in the "01_workflows" subdirectory, in the "0_dev" directory in GitHub, find the relevant terminal code, then use that to convert the syllabus Word file to HTML.
7) Review the HTML file, remove and/or replace any instances of <u> and other non-UVC formatting (including curly quote and n-dash code), add aria-label="External Link" to external links, fix anything else that needs it.
8) Open "spreadsheet-syllabus-1.csv" in Excel. One by one, copy and paste the sections for syllabus-overview, works-cited, cluster-description, biography, and image caption from the generated syllabus HTML file into the "spreadsheet-syllabus-1.csv", save, close.
9) Open terminal, navigate to the "0-dev" directory in GitHub, then "0_page-dev", then "2_python-files" in GitHub, run "python syllabus.py" or "python3 syllabus.py" as relevant. This will generate a new syllabus HTML file in the "2_python-files" subdirectory with the short version of the title. Review the HTML file and make any changes necessary, then move the file into "syllabi" subdirectory of the "html" directory in GitHub. Also in "2_python-files" subdirectory, rename "spreadsheet-syllabus-1.csv" to include name author at end of file name, then move file into "0_done" subdirectory of "2_python-files" subdirectory.
10) Commit all files to GitHub.

Syllabus
1) Rename the new syllabus Word file with the same as file name for webpage, but preceded by author surname. See existing files for examples.
2) Open an existing syllabus Word file (see "pdf" directory in GitHub, then "syllabi" subdirectory), copy the UVC peer review stamp from the existing file, paste it into the new syllabus Word file, and change the relevant information.
3) Go to File > Properties, then click on the Summary tab. Fill out the title, author, and company [Undisciplining the Victorian Classroom] fields. Click OK.
4) Format the text of the syllabus as needed for accessibility and other formatting, including the addition of page numbers.
5) Add alt text to any images in file.
6) Go to "Review" ribbon and run accessibility check; fix all issues using guidance provided.
7) Save as PDF, run another accessibility check, fix any errors, save.
8) Add files to "pdf" directory, "syllabi" subdirectory. 
9) Commit filest to GitHub.

Closeout
1) Update "syllabi.html" page for new syllabi
2) Add new contributors to "contributors.html"
3) Add new syllabi to "sitemap.html" 
4) Regenerate "sitemap.xml" after new syllabi pages appear online, add file to GitHub, commit.