Zoomcast (in Mac)
1) Open Zoomcast in iMovie.
2) Check beginning and end and crop as needed using the following:
O = select to start
I = select to end
cmd + B to split clip
delete to remove extraneous bits
3) Insert black slides as needed using the following transition: "Fade to Black."
4) Open title PowerPoint and export slide using the following specs: 2500 x 1406 JPEG
5) Insert title slide at beginning (4 seconds) and end (5 seconds) of Zoomcast; separate out with "Cross Blur" transition.
6) Close project and save Zoomcast using the following specs: HD 720
7) Upload video to UNL Vidgrid and request professional captions.

Images
1) Play Zoom video and pause at key moment.
2) Take screenshot. 
3) Add PNG screenshot(s), with name changed to interviewee name(s), to local and Google Drive UVC folders.
4) Convert PNG screenshot to TIFF. Note: If there are several guests, several images may need to be edited together to create image where all guests look good. Do this after conversion to TIFF.
5) Crop TIFF so that interviewee (if only one) is off-center to left or right ideally as this way the YouTube play button won't cover their face and add to local and Google Drive UVC folders. (Ideal dimensions are 1280px x 718px.)
6) Generate Zoomcast images using prefab ImageMagick code in "image-conversion-code-new2.txt" file in "0_dev" folder in GitHub.
7) Remove any generated images that exceed dimensions of original TIFF.
8) Note: No separate tile image for this section is needed; tile and main images are the same and are generated by the same image conversion process.
9) Commit generated images to GitHub.

Zoomcast Transcript
1) After UNL provides the Zoomcast captions in VTT and TXT formats, convert the TXT file to Word. Save in the following format if one or two names: "2021-03-17-Aslami-transcript.docx". Save in the following format if more than two names: "2021-05-12-Braham-et-al-transcript.docx".
2) Open Word file, go to File > Properties, then click on the Summary tab. Fill out the title [Zoomcast with (names of guests)], author [name of Zoomcast host], and company [Undisciplining the Victorian Classroom] fields. Click OK.
3) Convert file to Times New Roman, 12pt, and add pages numbers. 
4) Open an existing Zoomcast transcript (see "pdf" directory in GitHub, "zoomcasts" subdirectory), copy the heading info from the existing file, paste into the new Zoomcast file, and change the relevant information.
5) Run an accessibility check, fix any errors, save.
6) Save as PDF, run another accessibility check, fix any errors, save.
7) Add files to "pdf" directory, "zoomcasts" subdirectory. 
8) Commit transcript to GitHub.

YouTube
1) Go to UVC channel; select "Manage Videos."
2) Click on "Create" / "Upload Videos" (upper right-hand corner).
3) Add video(s).
4) Once video is added, click on pencil to edit.
5) Add title, description (160 character description from Zoomcast checklist + generic UVC description – see below), thumbnail (i.e., highest resolution generated image, see above), playlist (either an existing series or a new one); select "not for kids"; add language, date, CC license, education category.
6) Add subtitles with timing, i.e., corrected VTT file provided by UNL.
7) Make Unlisted initially until the Zoomcast is ready to be published; take note of the Zoomcast URL.

**Generic UVC Description for YouTube
Undisciplining the Victorian Classroom (https://undiscipliningvc.org/) is a digital humanities project that reimagines how to teach Victorian Studies through a positive, race-conscious lens.

The project advocates for engaging scholarship from Black and African, Indigenous and Native American, Asian and Asian American, Latinx, Postcolonial, Decolonial, Feminist, Queer, Transgender, Disability, and Critical Ethnic Studies.

Zoomcast Page
1) Open "py" directory in GitHub, find "spreadsheet-zoomcast-0.csv", make a copy and rename it as "spreadsheet-zoomcast-1.csv".
2) Open Zoomcast checklist in Word, open ""spreadsheet-zoomcast-1.csv" in Visual Stuido Code and complete all fields using the checklist except: a) youtube-code is the numerical code at end of YouTube URL, b) zoomcast-date be sure to put in straight quotation marks as it will include a comma, and c) do not add zoomcast-overview, further-reading, zoomcast-series-description, and biography, all of which will be provided in a separate word file and need to be converted into HTML first (see next step).
3) Open Zoomcast word file which contains the Zoomcast overview, description, and biography. If there is also a works cited section, open Zotero, generate a new version of the works cited section, compare it against the existing section, make any necessary to the new version, then delete the existing version and close the file.
4) Open the "workflow-docx-to-html" file found in the "01_workflows" subdirectory, in the "py" directory in GitHub, find the relevant terminal code, then use that to convert the Zoomcast word file to HTML.
5) Review the HTML file, remove and/or replace any instances of <u> and other non-UVC formatting (including curly quote and n-dash code), add aria-label="External Link" to external links, fix anything else that needs it.
6) Open "spreadsheet-zoomcast-0.csv" in Excel. One by one, copy and paste the sections for zoomcast-overview, further-reading, zoomcast-series-description, and biography from the generated Zoomcast HTML file into the "spreadsheet-zoomcast-0.csv" file, save, close.
7) Open terminal, navigate to the "py" directory in GitHub, run "python zoomcast.py" or "python3 zoomcast.py" as relevant. This will generate a new Zoomcast HTML file in the "py" subdirectory named after the Zoomcast guest(s). Review the HTML file and make any changes necessary, then move the file into "zoomcasts" subdirectory of the "html" directory in GitHub. Also in "py" subdirectory, rename "spreadsheet-zoomcast-1.csv" to include name(s) of Zoomcast guests(s) at end of file name, then move file into "0_done" subdirectory of "py" subdirectory.
8) Commit all files to GitHub.

Closeout
1) Update "zoomcasts.html" page for new zoomcast tile(s)
2) Add new contributorts to "contributors.html"
3) Add new zoomcasts to "sitemap.html" 
4) Regenerate "sitemap.xml" after new Zoomcast pages appear online, add file, commit.

